README.md, before:

# Fanxange

# Feature 
    [*] Order Flow
        [*] Order creation
        [*] Store the order in orderbook
    [*] Player Segregation Flow
        [*] Get the Match Data
        [*] Get the player info
        [*] Get the Player points
    [*] Order optimizations 
        [*] Create the order under 1sec
        [*] filled the order if buy and sell quantity is there
        [*] disable the player if the out of stock
    [*] Wallet
        [*] Design UI
        [*] Show the balance
        [*] Deposit 
        [*] Withdraw
        [*] Show the transactions
    [*] Portfolio
        [*] Design the UI
        [*] Sort according the matches
        [*] Sort according the players
        [*] Show the orders
        [*] Show No Orders present
    [] Profile
        [] Made the UI Page
        [] Update the required filed
        [] Implement the logout
        [] Implement the verification
        [] Implement the google auth
        [] Implement the kyc verification
    [] Create the Points system page
    [] Show the Points for each player
    [] Show the Detailed Points for the Player for specific match
    [] Show the multiple orders for each player 
    []  Notification

    
#   Bug
    [] Login Bug => After register when user login not work
    [] Register Bug => not navigating to Homepage
    [] Throw error when order balance is not there
    [*] Wallet Bug => int not able to convert into double
    [*] Remove the padding from the wallet container

#   Funtions

Commit message:

fixed the loading and sell orders

README.md, after:

# Fanxange

# Feature 
    [*] Order Flow
        [*] Order creation
        [*] Store the order in orderbook
    [*] Player Segregation Flow
        [*] Get the Match Data
        [*] Get the player info
        [*] Get the Player points
    [*] Order optimizations 
        [*] Create the order under 1sec
        [*] filled the order if buy and sell quantity is there
        [*] disable the player if the out of stock
    [*] Wallet
        [*] Design UI
        [*] Show the balance
        [*] Deposit 
        [*] Withdraw
        [*] Show the transactions
    [*] Portfolio
        [*] Design the UI
        [*] Sort according the matches
        [*] Sort according the players
        [*] Show the orders
        [*] Show No Orders present
    [*] Create the Points system page
    [*] Show the Points for each player
    [*] Show the Detailed Points for the Player for specific match
    [*] Show the multiple orders for each player 
    [] Profile
        [] Made the UI Page
        [] Update the required filed
        [] Implement the logout
        [] Implement the verification
        [] Implement the google auth
        [] Implement the kyc verification
    [] Forget Password
    [] Notification
    [] Add the net profit in the wallet

    
#   Bug
    [] Login Bug => After register when user login not work
    [] Register Bug => not navigating to Homepage
    [] Throw error when order balance is not there
    [] When login getting the exception regarding the matches and wallet
    [] When creating the order portfolio not updating

    [*] Loading not implemented in points page
    [*] Loading not implemented in the orders page
    [*] Wallet Bug => int not able to convert into double
    [*] Remove the padding from the wallet container
